= Mac OS X Identity Services plugin

A Redmine plugin for authenticating with Mac OS X Identity Services. 

Enables access for external users and groups that are defined in a directory service (such as Active Directory).

== Features

* User accounts and groups from the local server and/or directory services may be used
* On-the-fly user creation with name and email address obtained automatically
* Email addresses local to the server can be preferred over external email addresses
* User groups in Redmine can be linked to groups in a directory service
* User membership in groups is update each time a user authenticates
* Access can be restricted to just those users who belong to defined groups
* Tested with Mac OS X Server v10.5 Leopard and v10.6 Snow Leopard

== Getting the plugin

The latest copy of the plugin can be found on GitHub http://github.com/brianwells/redmine_osx_ids

The {downloads}[http://github.com/brianwells/redmine_osx_ids/downloads] page may contain copies of the plugin for specific versions of Redmine.

== Installing

Follow the instructions for Redmine plugins at http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins

Make sure that the plugin is installed to the <tt>vendor/plugins/redmine_osx_ids</tt> folder and that the required migration is performed on the database.

== Usage

=== Enabling Authentication

1. Choose Administration > Settings > Authentication > External Authentication
2. Add a new Identity Services authentication mode.
3. Specify a name for the authentication mode as well as the authority that will be providing user accounts and groups.
4. On-the-fly user creation can be enabled as well as other options such as preferring local email addresses or restricting access to members of specified groups.
5. After creating the authentication mode, it can be verified by clicking Test next to it in the list.

=== Adding External Groups

1. Choose Administration > Settings > Groups > New group
2. The name specified must match the short name of the group in the directory service.
3. Select the appropriate authentication mode for the selected group.
4. Once created, the group can be given roles in various projects.

=== Adding External Users

If on-the-fly user creation was enabled, the users will be created automatically when they first log in. However, even then there may be a need to create the user account in advance.

1. Choose Administration > Settings > Users > New user
2. The login specified must match the short name of the user in the directory service.
3. Fill in the other details of the account as needed.
4. Select the appropriate authentication mode for the selected user.
5. The user will automatically be added to any groups they belong to and can also be given specific roles in various projects.

== License

Copyright (C) 2009,2010 Brian D. Wells

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

== Help

Help with the plugin can be requested by creating an issue on GitHub at http://github.com/brianwells/redmine_osx_ids/issues
